# Smart Sipper
## Description

The Smart Sipper is a waterbottle designed to make improve water consumption habits. We tend to drink water irregularly and in improper quantities. This product is designed to track the amount of water you drink, provide hourly reminders to drink water, and inform you when the water bottle is empty.

## Customer Description

The target customer base is the 2024 frosh attending the orientation week events. There are 6,800 new students yearly that will potentially face this same issue. These students are between the ages of 17-20, living in Waterloo, and currently pursuing higher education. Orientation week is a very exciting time for first year students, but during that time many of the students face risks of dehydration and poor fluid intake. One Systems Design Engineering student from a previous orientation named Lauren Fisk went so far as to say that her “Level of hydration was at a dangerously low several times throughout orientation week” and when asked whether a smart water bottle reminding her to drink water would have helped with that problem she responded “Absolutely, that would have been a game changer”. The statement she had made about her dehydration is very concerning especially when paired with the intense heat. Historically the Waterloo region would reach an average temperature of 30 degrees during the time of orientation week. We aim to solve the problem of dehydration for the frosh during orientation by creating a water bottle that tracks important information such as water consumed and cleanliness of the water and will be packaged in a durable leak-proof and temperature-controlled shell. With this product the frosh would have a reminder to drink water. The stakeholders for this project are Vedant Agarwal, Aditya Pandya, Ali Kholgh Khiz, next year’s frosh, the government of Canada, and the general public. Aditya Pandya and Vedant Agarwal are the engineers, producers, and suppliers of the product. Ali Kholgh Khiz will be evaluating and providing supplemental information to aid in the production. Next year’s frosh are the customer base and will need a reliable product that doesn’t provide any risk and solves their dehydration issue. The government of Canada regulates what products can be released and has a Water Governance procedure. The general public should be able to continue their daily lives without being negatively affected by our products (e.g., there should be no pollution or risks to public health).  
